fix: Update docs for Python SDK 0.9.0 (#1038)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/platforms/python/pyramid.md

* The Sentry Python SDK will install the Pyramid integration for all of your apps. The integration hooks into Pyramid itself, not any of your apps specifically.

> * All exceptions leading to an Internal Server Error are reported. This means exceptions that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*The SDK will report all exceptions leading to an Internal Server Error. These two kinds of exceptions are:
```

>   * are not handled by any exception view, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * exceptions that are not handled by any exception view
```

>   * whose exception view returns a status code of 500 (Pyramid version 1.9+ only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * exceptions whose exception view returns a status code of 500 (Pyramid version 1.9+ only)
```
